Docs: add gas-snapshots (#195)
onbjerg/foundry-book: src/forge/gas-snapshots.md

## Gas Snapshots

Forge can generate gas snapshots for all your test functions. This could
be useful if you are trying to gas-optimize your contracts and want to

> compare the gas-usage from before and after the optimizations.

Reviewer: Common for the rest of the file, I think we should use "gas usage" (without the hyphen)

```suggestion
compare the gas usage from before and after the optimizations.
```

To generate the gas snapshot, run `forge snapshot`.

This will generate a file called `.gas-snapshot` by default with all your
tests (not including fuzz tests) and their respective gas-usage.

```ignore
> forge snapshot
> cat .gas-snapshot

ERC20Test:testApprove() (gas: 31162)
ERC20Test:testBurn() (gas: 59875)
ERC20Test:testFailTransferFromInsufficientAllowance() (gas: 81034)
ERC20Test:testFailTransferFromInsufficientBalance() (gas: 81662)
ERC20Test:testFailTransferInsufficientBalance() (gas: 52882)
ERC20Test:testInfiniteApproveTransferFrom() (gas: 90167)
ERC20Test:testMetadata() (gas: 14606)
ERC20Test:testMint() (gas: 53830)
ERC20Test:testTransfer() (gas: 60473)
ERC20Test:testTransferFrom() (gas: 84152)
```

> If you would like to speficy a different output file, run `forge snapshot --snap <FILE_NAME>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to specify a different output file, run `forge snapshot --snap <FILE_NAME>`.
```

### Gas Comparison

> Lets say that you are trying to optimize your contracts, and after changing
> it a little bit you want to see if there are any improvements in gas-usage.
> 
> If you would like to compare the corrent `.gas-snapshot` file with your 
> latest commit, you can use the command `git diff`, which will compare all the
> files with your latest commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to compare the current `.gas-snapshot` file with your 
latest changes, you can use the `--diff` or `--check` options, which will
compare the gas usage of your changes with the current `.gas-snapshot` file.
```

Example:

```ignore
> git diff

diff --git a/.gas-snapshot b/.gas-snapshot
index 4852ee4..e1ab226 100644
--- a/.gas-snapshot
+++ b/.gas-snapshot
@@ -1,4 +1,4 @@
-ERC20Test:testApprove() (gas: 31162)
+ERC20Test:testApprove() (gas: 31170)
 ERC20Test:testBurn() (gas: 59875)
 ERC20Test:testFailTransferFromInsufficientAllowance() (gas: 81034)
 ERC20Test:testFailTransferFromInsufficientBalance() (gas: 81662)

> ```

Reviewer: Should update example to match the output of the above

If you would like to compare the current `.gas-snapshot` with a new version,
don't run `forge snapshot` again because it will override the .gas-snapshot
and you won't be able to compare the changes. Instead of doing that, one 
suggestion would be to generate a file with a different name using 
`forge snapshot --snap <FILE_NAME>` and then comparing both files using 
the `diff <FILE1> <FILE2>` command on Mac/Linux or `fc <FILE1> <FILE2>` 

> on Windows.

Reviewer: Not applicable if you use `--diff` or `--check`

ERC20Test:testTransferFrom() (gas: 84152)
```

### Output file

If you would like to specify a different output file, run `forge snapshot --snap <FILE_NAME>`.

> You can also sort the results by gas usage, use the `--asc` option to sort the results in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also sort the results by gas usage. Use the `--asc` option to sort the results in
```

ascending order and `--desc` to sort the results in descending order.

You can also specify a min/max gas threshold for all your tests. To only include results
above a threshold, you can use the `--min <VALUE>` option. In the same way, to only
include results under a threshold, you can use the `--max <VALUE>` option. Keep in mind
that the changes will be made in the `.gas-snapshot` file and not in the snapshot being
displayed in your screen.

### Gas Comparison

If you would like to compare the current `.gas-snapshot` file with your 
latest changes, you can use the `--diff` or `--check` options, which will
compare the gas usage of your changes with the current `.gas-snapshot` file.

> `-diff` will compare against a snapshot and display changes from the snapshot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--diff` will compare against a snapshot and display changes from the snapshot. 
```

It can also take an optional snapshot file `--diff <FILE_NAME>` with the default
being `.gas-snapshot`.

Example:

```ignore
> forge snapshot --diff .gas-snapshot2

Running 10 tests for src/test/ERC20.t.sol:ERC20Test
[PASS] testApprove() (gas: 31162)
[PASS] testBurn() (gas: 59875)
[PASS] testFailTransferFromInsufficientAllowance() (gas: 81034)
[PASS] testFailTransferFromInsufficientBalance() (gas: 81662)
[PASS] testFailTransferInsufficientBalance() (gas: 52882)
[PASS] testInfiniteApproveTransferFrom() (gas: 90167)
[PASS] testMetadata() (gas: 14606)
[PASS] testMint() (gas: 53830)
[PASS] testTransfer() (gas: 60473)
[PASS] testTransferFrom() (gas: 84152)
Test result: ok. 10 passed; 0 failed; finished in 2.86ms
testBurn() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testFailTransferFromInsufficientAllowance() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testFailTransferFromInsufficientBalance() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testFailTransferInsufficientBalance() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testInfiniteApproveTransferFrom() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testMetadata() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testMint() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testTransfer() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testTransferFrom() (gas: 0 (0.000%))
testApprove() (gas: -8 (-0.000%))
Overall gas change: -8 (-0.000%)
```

> `-check` will compare a snapshot with an existing snapshot file and display all the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--check` will compare a snapshot with an existing snapshot file and display all the 
```
